>> Brian Holt: So,
we built an image gallery together.
>> Brian Holt: And this works.
This is something you could
totally drop into your website.
>> Brian Holt: There's things that
you could do to make this better.
For example, if you wanted to make an auto
advance, you definitely could do that.
If you wanted to make it,
have different functionality,
if you wanted to put the buttons
in different places.
All these things are definitely
possibilities that you can
run wild with your imagination with.
I saw one of the students here,
actually showing and
hiding entire dibs, rather than
just hiding just images, right?
So, your imagination is
kind of the limit here.
[COUGH] There's nothing
special about showing and
hiding images that you can't do with
entire pieces of your DOM, right?
Or pieces of your application.